NMS-11810: Database Reports documentation (#4663)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/operation/pages/database-reports/templates/maintenance-stragegy.adoc

[[maintenance-strategy-report]]
= Maintenance Contracts Strategy Report

> This assessment management report assistd in creating and reviewing a network management maintenance strategy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This assessment management report assists in creating and reviewing a network management maintenance strategy.
```

[[maintenance-strategy-report]]

> = Maintenance Contracts Strategy Report

Reviewer 2: File name has a misspelling.

== Report Contents

> This assessment management report is designed to assist in creating and reviewing a network management maintenance strategy.  This report has a pie chart showing the number of assets in the various contract state (e.g., active contract, expired contract, no contract, etc.)

Reviewer 2: Use "for example" instead of "e.g."
```suggestion
This assessment management report is designed to assist in creating and reviewing a network management maintenance strategy.
This report has a pie chart showing the number of assets in the various contract state (for example, active contract, expired contract, no contract, etc.)
```

[[maintenance-strategy-report]]
= Maintenance Contracts Strategy Report

> == Report Contents

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> This assessment management report is designed to assist in creating and reviewing a network management maintenance strategy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This assessment management report assistd in creating and reviewing a network management maintenance strategy.
```

> This report has a pie chart showing the number of assets in the various contract state (for example, active contract, expired contract, no contract, etc.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This report has a pie chart showing the number of assets in the various contract states (for example, active contract, expired contract, no contract, etc.).
```

//QUESTION: confirm these are the correct slices.  It is not clear from the SQL query.  I think there are only three states but the sample pie chart shows five slices.

> The next chart is a stacked bar chart and groups the assets by their age and shows the number of assets in each age group that have an active contract, an expired contract or no contract.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The next chart is a stacked bar chart and groups the assets by their age and shows the number of assets in each age group that have an active contract, an expired contract, or no contract.
```

The last chart is a stacked bar chart that breaks the assets down by age groups and shows the number of assets in each group that have active contracts that are valid for the next twelve months and assets whose contract expires in the next twelve months.
//QUESTION: Is "asset" the right noun.

// COMMENT: The text in the app under this report title has a couple of typos in it.  It should probably be rewritten to be a little more clear.
// COMMENT: The text on the report also needs to be edited.

> This report can be customized with a company logo in the page header that is approximately 195px by 50px

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can customize this report with a company logo (approximately 195px by 50px) in the page header.
```

== Parameters

[options="header, autowidth"]
[cols="1,2,3,4"]

|===
| Field
| Type
| Description
| Default

| Date Format
| String
| Specify the date format in the maintenance contracts date fields.
| YYYY-MM-DD
// QUESTION: Not sure why this is here.  Shouldn't the expiration date be stored as a date field?  If so, format is not necessary, unless it is for output.  If it is an output format preference, it should be a more generic parameter.  If all the dates in the maintenance contracts have different formats, then this will be problematic.

| Report Format
| Choice
| Dropdown menu with a choice of PDF or CSV
| PDF

| Deliver the Report
| Checkbox

> | Check the box to deliver the report via email upon report creation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Check the box to deliver the report via email upon report creation.
```

| Unchecked

| Schedule the Report
| Checkbox

> | Check this box to create a schedule for the report

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Check this box to create a schedule for the report.
```

[[maintenance-strategy-report]]
= Maintenance Contracts Strategy Report

This assessment management report assists in creating and reviewing a network device maintenance strategy.

> This report has a pie chart with each slice representing the three different contract states: in contract, expired and no contract.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This report has a pie chart with each slice representing the three different contract states: in contract, expired, and no contract.
```

> The next chart is a stacked bar chart and groups the devices by their age and shows the number of assets in each age group that have an active contract, an expired contract or no contract.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The next chart is a stacked bar chart and groups the devices by their age and shows the number of assets in each age group that have an active contract, an expired contract, or no contract.
```

> The last chart is a stacked bar chart that breaks the devices down by age groups and shows the number of devices in each group that have active contracts that are valid for the next twelve months and devices whose contract expires in the next twelve months.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The last chart is a stacked bar chart that breaks the devices down by age group and shows the number of devices in each group that have active contracts that are valid for the next 12 months and devices whose contract expires in the next 12 months.
```

// COMMENT: The text in the app under this report title has a couple of typos in it.  It should probably be rewritten to be a little more clear.

// COMMENT: The text on the report also needs to be edited.

You can customize this report with a company logo (approximately 195px by 50px) in the page header.

== Parameters

[options="header, autowidth"]
[cols="1,2,3"]

|===
| Field
| Description
| Default

| Date Format

> | Specify the date format in the maintenance contracts date fields

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Specify the date format in the maintenance contracts date fields.
```
Full sentence requires a period.
